Modify impact_parameter() to work with N-D arrays (#1604)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/1604.feature.rst

> Added support for arbitrarily shaped input arrays to the function `formulary.collisions.impact_parameter`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for arbitrarily shaped input arrays to
`~plasmapy.formulary.collisions.impact_parameter`.
```
